# Intelligence Bulletin - January 8th, 2021 - IB-WARN-2021-01-08  

## WARNING 

Summary:  

Right-wing extremism and militancy(REM) is likely to continue through the end of the month, with activity highest during the U.S. Presidential Inauguration on JANUARY 20, 2021.  
These events are likely to bring violence and increase the risk of contracting COVID-19.

Actions:  

1. It is recommended to take necessary precautions to avoid situations that may lead to INJURY, ARREST, or DEATH.  
2. It is recommended to take necessary precautions to avoid contracting COVID-19.  
3. It is recommended that anyone who can collect video or perform OSINT do so.  
4. It is recommended to be careful with the display of political and activist affiliations in public or on social media.  
5. It is recommended to assist those in your community susceptible to violence or COVID-19.  
6. ProleREI will continue to monitor and release a forecast for REM at the end of the month.  
 
Dates of Concern: 

15 - 20 JANUARY, 2021  

Likely Targets:  

1. U.S. Federal, State, and Local Government Buildings in all 50 states
2. U.S. Federal, State, and Local Officials in all 50 states
3. U.S. Federal, State, and Local Government Employees in all 50 states
4. Civil and Human Rights Activists, especially those associated with Black Lives Matter and similar organizations 
5. Members and supporters of Leftist Organizations
6. Members and supporters of the Democratic Party
7. Self-Identified targets of Conspiracy Theories, especially those surrounding QAnon, 5G, Coronavirus, and others that might be propagating in Right-Wing "Media" outlets
